Please be advised that your rights may be affected by a class action lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois if you purchased PVC pipe during the period from January 1, 2021 through May 16, 2025.

 

A Court has authorized this Notice. You are not being sued. This is not a solicitation from a lawyer.

Unique ID: 83235OE5PQB05

 

CARLOS JAQUEZ

In re PVC Pipe Antitrust Litigation, Case No. 1:24-cv-07639

THIS NOTICE ONLY PROVIDES LIMITED INFORMATION ABOUT THE CLASS ACTION.

For more information or to update your address, visit: www.PVCantitrust.com,

email: info@pvcantitrust.com, or call: (833) 890-9261

Pursuant to a motion filed with the Court on June 6, 2025, a settlement (“Settlement”) has been reached in the above-referenced class action (“Action”) that is pending against Oil Price Information Service, LLC (“OPIS”). IF YOU ARE IN THE SETTLEMENT CLASS, YOUR RIGHTS WILL BE AFFECTED BY THIS CASE. This notice advises you of basic information about your options. A long-form notice is available at www.PVCantitrust.com.

 

How do I know if I am a Class Member? This notice concerns a court-approved settlement class of Non-Converter Seller Purchasers of PVC Pipe (the “NCSP Settlement Class”). The NCSP Settlement Class includes all entities and persons who purchased PVC Pipe in the United States between January 1, 2021 through May 16, 2025 (1) directly from a seller that bought the PVC Pipe from a Converter Defendant that was (2) manufactured by a Converter Defendant. As is explained in the long-form notice, certain individuals and entities (including Defendants, Defendants’ family members, any federal government entity, and water, sewer, and electricity providers) are excluded from the NCSP Settlement Class by definition.

 

What are my options?  The Settlement requires OPIS to pay $3,000,000 to two classes, the NCSP Settlement Class and an End User Settlement Class. OPIS will also provide cooperation in the ongoing Action against the remaining Defendants.

If you do nothing, you will remain in the NCSP Settlement Class, and you may be eligible for a future payment if you submit a valid Claim Form.

If you remain in the NCSP Settlement Class, you will be bound by the Settlement, and you may not pursue a lawsuit on your own against OPIS as an NCSP with regard to any issues in the Action.

If you DO NOT want to be a NCSP Settlement Class member and be legally bound by the Settlement, you must exclude yourself from the NCSP Settlement Class. Full instructions on the process to exclude yourself or your business are contained in the long-form notice at www.PVCantitrust.com. To exclude yourself from the NCSP Settlement Class, you must send the information described in the long-form notice to the Settlement Administrator and counsel for the Parties. Your Exclusion Request must be received no later than April 9th, 2026. You cannot exclude yourself by phone or by email. If you make a proper Exclusion Request, you will not be legally bound the Settlement.
What Has Happened So Far? On August 23, 2024, NCSP Plaintiffs filed the first class action case alleging price-fixing in the PVC pipe market. NCSP Settlement Class Counsel (defined below) and counsel for OPIS have had extensive settlement negotiations, have agreed to enter into a Settlement. On July 17, 2025, the Court granted preliminary approval of the NCSP Settlement and appointed the law firms of Lockridge Grindal Nauen PLLP and Scott+Scott Attorneys at Law LLP as “NCSP Settlement Class Counsel” for the NCSP Settlement Class. A more detailed description of the Action and the claims asserted is contained in the long-form notice available at www.PVCantitrust.com.

 

Your Rights. The Court will hold a Fairness Hearing on June 3, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. CT. NCSP Settlement Class members are represented by the Court-appointed NCSP Settlement Class Counsel. You will not be personally responsible for their fees and expenses. NCSP Settlement Class Counsel intend to ask the Court at a later date for attorneys’ fees of up to one-third of the Settlement Fund (including accrued interest), reimbursement of litigation expenses and costs, and service awards for the class representatives in connection with this and potential future settlements based on their services in this Action.

 

PLEASE KEEP YOUR PURCHASE RECORDS AND NOTIFY THE SETTLEMENT ADMINISTRATOR OF ANY CHANGE IN ADDRESS.

 

Do not contact the Court, Defendants, or their counsel. All questions should be directed to the Settlement Administrator or Settlement Class Counsel.
